protected-access:19:MyClass.test:Access to a protected member _haha of a client class
protected-access:41::Access to a protected member _protected of a client class
protected-access:42::Access to a protected member _protected of a client class
protected-access:43::Access to a protected member _cls_protected of a client class
protected-access:44::Access to a protected member _cls_protected of a client class
protected-access:58:Issue1031.incorrect_access:Access to a protected member _protected of a client class
protected-access:72:Issue1802.__eq__:Access to a protected member __private of a client class
protected-access:80:Issue1802.not_in_special:Access to a protected member _foo of a client class
protected-access:100:Issue1802.__fake_special__:Access to a protected member _foo of a client class
protected-access:117:Issue3066.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:118:Issue3066.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:121:Issue3066.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
protected-access:122:Issue3066.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
protected-access:131:Issue3066.Aclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:133:Issue3066.Aclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:135:Issue3066.Aclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
protected-access:137:Issue3066.Aclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
protected-access:150:Issue3066.Aclass.Bclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:151:Issue3066.Aclass.Bclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _attr of a client class
protected-access:154:Issue3066.Aclass.Bclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
protected-access:155:Issue3066.Aclass.Bclass.foobar:Access to a protected member _bar of a client class
